Miss Song, what a coincidence!
Haha oops
Well, it was as I expected
As long as I appear before this lamb
It will stick to it like a dog
Hahaha, is something wrong with Mr. Gao?
Haha, I said I knew Miss Song
You don't believe it yet
They are the imperial court compound
Are you making money?
you you me
The son consumed 103 yuan
Miss Song, do you want to give it now or count it together later?
Gaoyang
roll
Gao Yang, where have you been?
Do you know how long I've been waiting for you?
How long have I been out looking for you?
What's up?
There is a danger of imperial disaster in the palace
Your Majesty has ordered
The officials above the third rank will attack with you
Negotiate and send
Come with me to the palace quickly
Let's go!
Oh, oh, oh, I know, I know.
Enter the palace quickly
The ministers of the ancient palace gather together
Is there nothing you can do?
Your Majesty, yellow disasters have been impossible to prevent since ancient times
That's God's punishment
It is inevitable
With the sword of the old minister, Cao Ting prepares food
Ship to Guanzhong first
Prepare for the worst
Heaven punishment
Did the Prime Minister say that after I ascended the throne?
Heaven does not allow a woman to become an emperor
Is that why I take this punishment as my retribution?
I dare not
Once the yellow disaster floods, hundreds of thousands of people in Guanzhong
People must be struggling
What's the best way to do it?
Just say it.
I will definitely reward
Your Majesty, yellow disasters have been accompanied by rebellions since ancient times
The old minister believes that
Your Majesty deserves to be used for food
Nanjing University seven guns cannot be touched
Prevent too much rebellion
Several wars
Your Majesty, the emperor disaster is not yet an ambassador
If the emperor directly sends a large army into Guanzhong
Fear of backfiring
What's more, when the army moves
These two rings are also a small book
It's better to struggle with all your strength
What Guo Aiqing said is
Things haven't developed yet
People who want to send troops to suppress
Since this doesn't work the way the traffic police do
May I ask Lord Mao if he can tell me?
This official has no way
But blindly the Zheng family is definitely a nonsense
Friends of service
You have a way, you say fart
You say you say
I told you there's no way to go through that
obediently
This is the dream of the crab spirit
You are coming
not come
I let you come
Here to discuss the solution
It's not because you quarreled.
What can Cui Xing and you do?
Your Majesty, since ancient times, no one has been able to suppress royal disasters
According to Liu Jun Shou
This royal pet has appeared
And the fertile fields are full of eggs
These eggs go deep into the ground and are difficult to eradicate
I'm afraid mother can only prepare
Pair pair pair Cui Zhuangyuan Yuan Yuan rate
This is a natural disaster
It is impossible to argue with human resources alone
Instant disaster relief
So many disaster victims
How can you survive only by relying on the imperial court disaster?